Tim Mann's Catweasel Floppy Read/Write Tools

* cw2dmk is a program that uses a Catweasel MK1, MK3, or MK4 universal
floppy controller to read several kinds of floppy disk, some of which
ordinary PC controllers have trouble with, and write it out in the DMK
disk image format used by David Keil's TRS-80 emulator and by xtrs.
Versions for both Linux and MS-DOS (or Windows 95/98) are included.
See cw2dmk.txt for documentation.

cw2dmk does not just read TRS-80 disks.  It can make an exact image of
any disk written using a Western Digital 177x/179x floppy disk
controller, a PC-style, NEC765-compatible controller, or the Digital
Equipment Corporation RX02 controller.

* dmk2cw uses a Catweasel to write a DMK image back to a real floppy
disk.  It can handle the same kinds of disks as cw2dmk.  See
dmk2cw.txt for documentation.

* dmk2jv3 and jv2dmk are independent of the other programs and do not
require Catweasel hardware.  dmk2jv3 converts a DMK-format disk image
to the JV3 format used in older TRS-80 emulators.  See dmk2jv3.txt for
documentation.  jv2dmk converts a JV1 or JV3 disk image to the DMK
format.

* cwtsthst is a test program for the Catweasel that shows a
histogram of the data returned by the Catweasel for a given track.

These programs are free software, copyrighted by their authors and
released under the GNU General Public License.  See the file COPYING
for details.  cw2dmk, dmk2cw, dmk2jv3, and jv2dmk were written by
Timothy Mann.  cwtsthst and the low-level driver routines in
catweasl.c were originally written by Michael Krause for his Linux
catweasel driver package cwfloppy-0.2.1.  The versions in this package
were extensively modified for use with cw2dmk and dmk2cw and to add
Catweasel MK3 support.

The DPMI host cwsdpmi.exe is free software, written and copyrighted by
Charles W. Sandmann and released under the GNU General Public license.
You can download the source code and/or binary updates for this
program from ftp://ftp.delorie.com/pub/djgpp/v2misc/.  Look for files
with names of the form csdpmi*.zip.  Note: the highest version that
has been tested with the Catweasel tools at this writing is 5.

For more information, see:
http://www.tim-mann.org/trs80.html
http://www.jschoenfeld.com/
